[DOCS] add warning for slow connections in NpgSQL (#10057)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/latest/quick-start/build-apps/csharp/ysql.md

- installed YugabyteDB, created a universe, and are able to interact with it using the YSQL shell (`ysqlsh`). If not, follow the steps in [Quick start](../../../../quick-start).
- installed Visual Studio

> {{< warning title="Warning" >}}
> 
> On every new connection the NpgSQL driver also makes [extra queries to the system tables to map types](https://github.com/npgsql/npgsql/issues/1486), which results in a big overhead. 
> You can disable this by setting this option in your connection string builder: 
> ```
> connStringBuilder.ServerCompatibilityMode = ServerCompatibilityMode.NoTypeLoading;
> ```
> 
> {{< /warning >}}
> 

Reviewer: ````suggestion
{{< warning title="Warning" >}}
On every new connection the NpgSQL driver also makes [extra system table queries to map types](https://github.com/npgsql/npgsql/issues/1486), which adds significant overhead. To turn off this behavior, set the following option in your connection string builder:

```csharp
connStringBuilder.ServerCompatibilityMode = ServerCompatibilityMode.NoTypeLoading;
```
{{< /warning >}}
````
